fix(ds): Update documentation about durable storages (#3199)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/durability/management.md

<img src="./assets/dashboard_session_config.png" alt="dashboard_session_config" style="zoom:67%;" />

| Parameter                                   | Dashboard UI                | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
|---------------------------------------------|-----------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `durable_sessions.enable`                   | Enable Durable Sessions     | Enables session durability. This configuration item cannot be modified through hot configuration; you need to set it in the configuration file. Note: Restart of the EMQX node is required for changes to take effect. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `durable_sessions.enable`                   | Enable Durable Sessions     | Enables session durability. This configuration item cannot be modified through dashboard, REST API, or CLI; it must be set in the configuration file. Note: Restart of the EMQX node is required for changes to take effect. |
```

The `<DS>` placeholder stands for "durable storage".  Currently, the available parameter for `<DS>` is `message`.

| Parameter                                 | Description                                                                                                                         |
|-------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `durable_storage.n_sites`                 | [Number of sites](./managing-replication.md#number-of-sites).                                                                       |
| `durable_storage.<DS>.data_dir`           | Directory in the file system where EMQX stores the data.                                                                            |
| `durable_storage.<DS>.n_shards`           | [Numer of shards](./managing-replication.md#number-of-shards).                                                                      |
| `durable_storage.<DS>.replication_factor` | [Replication factor](./managing-replication.md#replication-factor) determines the number of replicas for each shard.                |

> | `durable_storage.<DS>.transaction`        | Contains parameters related to message buffering. See [Local Write Buffer Configuration](#local-write-buffer-configuration).        |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `durable_storage.<DS>.transaction`        | Contains parameters related to message buffering. See [Buffering](#buffering).        |
```
?
